Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
The privacy policy and terms of use stated here; It is valid for all mobile applications of Neseli Oyunlar published on Google Play Store. By installing these applications on your mobile device, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of use contained in this text. If you do not accept these terms, do not install these applications on your mobile device.

In our applications, the data entered is stored on encrypted servers in a way that only you can see and is not shared with third parties or institutions.


Phone Usage Permissions, the permissions required for the shortcut search process found in our application must be provided by you. This permission is only used for the shortcut calls of your customers registered in the application, and the personal data of your customers are stored encrypted only in databases specific to you.


Internet Usage Permissions is the permission required to send Data from our Application to Encrypted servers and users need to define it. These permissions are not used to transfer information from your phone against your will. The given internet access permission is only used for data and photo transfer of the forms you fill in the application.


Camera Usage: Camera usage in our Mobile Applications is only used for the photos you want to send within the application. It is not used without user knowledge. Photos taken in the mobile application are stored in an encrypted environment belonging to the user and are only accessible to him and the institution he is affiliated with. Photos are not shared with third parties or institutions without user information.


Our applications do not collect any personal information about you and do not make a request from you in this direction.

Neseli Oyunlar will always show due care and sensitivity to publish quality and useful applications. Despite this, we make no commitment that the content in our applications will meet your expectations, be useful to you, or contain absolutely accurate information. We present the applications as they are. For this reason, you agree that Neseli Oyunlar cannot be held responsible for any negative situation that may arise from our applications.

Neseli Oyunlar makes every effort to take all possible precautions regarding the security of these applications and fulfills its obligations under the Google Play Developer Program Policies agreement. With this; Internet and digital environments are not sufficiently secure areas. Therefore, we do not make any guarantees that we will provide you with a 100% secure service.
Our apps are only available in the Google Play Store. Neseli Oyunlar cannot be held responsible for the downloads to be made from here, if these applications are located in another android or IOS store without our knowledge.

These applications may contain advertisements and links from third parties. You agree that you cannot hold Neseli Oyunlar responsible for the quality, content, security or any damages that may arise from these third party advertisements and links. You can learn how to edit your settings for ads published by Google from the ad settings page.

All copyrights regarding all content consisting of audio, written and visual elements and software in these applications belong to Neseli Oyunlar. any of our apps or their copyrighted content; copying, duplication, republishing, disassembly, re-publication, etc. You agree that you will not take any action.

You can send your comments and suggestions about the conditions stated here to us at stonegamepuzzle@gmail.com .

Neseli Oyunlar; may make changes to the text of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Changes made will take effect immediately. We indicate the date we made the change as the "last updated date" at the bottom.

Last updated date:
22,03,2023